Update kubernetes.rst (#14954)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes/connections/kubernetes.rst

Kubernetes cluster Connection
=============================

> The Kubernetes cluster Connection type enables connection to a Kubernetes cluster by ``SparkKubernetesOperator`` tasks. They are not used by ``KubernetesPodOperator`` tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes cluster Connection type enables connection to a Kubernetes cluster by :class:`~airflow.providers.cncf.kubernetes.operators.spark_kubernetes.SparkKubernetesOperator` tasks. They are not used by ``KubernetesPodOperator`` tasks.
```

Kubernetes cluster Connection
=============================

> The Kubernetes cluster Connection type enables connection to Kubernetes cluster by SparkOperator only.
> This has nothing to do with KubernetesPodOperator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes cluster Connection type enables connection to a Kubernetes cluster by ``SparkKubernetesOperator`` tasks. They are not used by ``KubernetesPodOperator`` tasks.
```
